Add direct link to where quiz data lives (#60)
freeCodeCamp/Developer_Quiz_Site: README.md

We welcome all contributions, suggestions and ideas for improvement from the community.

> You can contribute by adding new quiz questions or making changes to the code [here](https://github.com/freeCodeCamp/Developer_Quiz_Site/blob/main/src/data/full-quiz.js).

Reviewer: Proposed change:

You can contribute by fixing bugs in the codebase, proposing new features or adding new questions to the [quiz file](https://github.com/freeCodeCamp/Developer_Quiz_Site/blob/main/src/data/full-quiz.js).

Author: ```suggestion
You can contribute by fixing bugs in the codebase, proposing new features or adding new questions to the [quiz file](https://github.com/freeCodeCamp/Developer_Quiz_Site/blob/main/src/data/full-quiz.js).
```
